h1. GetViable

A Rails application. Features a user and admin system with Facebook login. It is deployable to Heroku.

h2. Gemfile

* "pg":http://rubygems.org/gems/pg for PostgreSQL
* "jQuery":https://github.com/rails/jquery-ujs
* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise for authenticating users with "OmniAuth":https://github.com/intridea/omniauth for Facebook login
* "Kaminari":https://github.com/amatsuda/kaminari for pagination
* "CarrierWave":https://github.com/jnicklas/carrierwave for file uploads
* "MetaSearch":https://github.com/ernie/meta_search for searching users

For testing and development:

* "Rspec":https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec
* "Cucumber":https://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber with "Capybara":https://github.com/jnicklas/capybara
* "Database Cleaner":https://github.com/bmabey/database_cleaner
* "Debugger":https://github.com/cldwalker/debugger
* "Factory Girl":https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails
* "Awesome Print":https://github.com/michaeldv/awesome_print
* "Email Spec":https://github.com/bmabey/email-spec
* "Shoulda":https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda
* "Thin":https://github.com/macournoyer/thin

h2. Setup

* Make sure you have rvm and Ruby 1.9.2.
* Install dependencies from Gemfile: @bundle install --path vendor/bundle@.
* Create your @config/database.yml@, create the database and run the migrations.
* For Facebook login to work, export environment variables @FACEBOOK_APP_ID@ and @FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET@.

* After making questions and populating database it is critical to group sections into stages

h2. Database
  * bundle exec rake db:create
  * bundle exec rake db:migrate
  * bundle exec rake surveyor:questions
  * bundle exec rake db:seed

h2. Tests
  * In order to debug test you can add save_and_open_page call to a line where you would like to show page that is rendered
  * bundle exec spork
  * bundle exec rspec spec/

h2. License

h2. Usage:
  * Render glyph icons in code glyph(:lock, :white) => <i class="icon-lock icon-white"></i>
  * Use raw_glyph for rendering inside link_to  => link_to raw_glyph(:white) + "Some title"

  * bundle exec rake surveyor FILE=surveys/get_viable_questions_leslie_v3-2-2.rb

h2. Support:
  * This code is now Open Source. It's free to be used.
  * This code is not actively maintained. But in need of urgent support, please create ticket or send email to office@kolosek.com

